welcome back to wipeout let's go to Jill
with our next contestant hello Angela
nose ear death toll why they call you to
extol because I'm a tear and call me a
pterodactyl so all right good luck on
the bars stand back starting out and the
double diving I thought I mean the
toppling towers brewing Shh show me to
the flip and wipes out now mix it half
no sucker punch trying to get him know
he makes it now here's the big balls
drawing drawing drawing Brian he made it
so he doesn't level diving boards of
drawing drawing drunks yes he made it
now he's back at the sucker punch that
is a guy whose nickname is lazy helmet
dude no offense he's pleading I quit oh
well looks like he's good here's
God he was a war veteran that's a big
ball war vet drawing drawing Rhine so he
wipes out on the last stretch drawing
double diving boards Brian Brian Brian
Brian show we couldn't make it hopefully
i'll still probably be moving on now
let's see how other contestants did on
the big balls I'm wrong brunch that's it
let the big ones now it's time for our
final connection of the day it was a
minor Jim he's at the big balls minor
sprawling Brian Oh big ball class 6 out
later a little n words drawing run holy
balls luckily he'll be moving on Monday
here is who will be moving like appear
to be moving on stir out oh yeah this
dude he just like ran across the big
wall to create did you like a ran across
a big
here are the people who will be moving
on to the next round